feat: Detect the position of the component and recompute offsets when the position is updated (#3428)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

## Excalidraw API

> - Detect the position of the component and recompute offsets when the position changes [#3428](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3428). You can enable this by setting [`detectPosition`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectPosition) to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support detecting position of the component and recompute offsets when the position changes [#3428](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3428). Disabled by default. You can enable this by setting [`detectPosition`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectPosition) to `true`.
```

> - Detecting the position of the component and recompute offsets when the position is updated [#3428](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3428). You can enable this by setting [`detectPosition`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectPosition) to `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Detect the position of the component and recompute offsets when the position changes [#3428](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3428). You can enable this by setting [`detectPosition`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectPosition) to `true`.
```

> - Enable detecting position update of the component and recompute offsets when position is updated [#3428](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3428). You can enable this by setting [`detectPosition`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectPosition) to `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Detecting the position of the component and recompute offsets when the position is updated [#3428](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3428). You can enable this by setting [`detectPosition`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectPosition) to `true`.
```
